hello everybody it is Kate here and
today I'd like to teach you about my
favorite book it's called Josefina I may
seem quite illiterate but that isn't the
case since Josefina is my very own AG
doll I love her time period I'm
practically obsessed so of course i have
read this incredible piece of literacy
joseline the book as you may or may not
know is about a lovely girl growing up
in New Mexico this girl has big dreams
as big as the New Mexico sky it's quite
a masterpiece you see Josefina is really
quite adorable she's very likable and
just like ah oops huh and hers family is
just as amazing i mean really i wish i
had as many sisters as her oh wait I do
I have more ah anyway her family really
looks up for her and carries for her
unlike some people whatever anyway it's
really an incredible book and I
definitely recommend it huh lieutenant
not whatever um line line hello hello
Megan Kate you're not supposed to say
that we're filming right now yeah I
can't remember what you wrote for me um
just tell them that you wish that you
could be Josefina herself this isn't on
film is it no I'm sure we'll edit it out
huh alrighty well anyway as I was saying
Josefina is very likable and you will
wish that you were her by the time oops
you're done reading this and hold on let
me go
as I was saying you you will wish that
you were Josefina by the time you're
done reading this book it's true it's
very true thanks for watching everyone I
hope you read Josefina an incredible
masterpiece by the author uh Megan
what's the author's name the author I
don't even remember okay just tell them
that it was made in China because it was
it says so right on the back of the book
fine the author I cannot remember but it
was made in China and everything from
China's good right yeah everything thank
you for watching everyone aurevoir Tata
ha whoa oh my leg oh I think it's broken
ditto